feat: add repeated query (#6815)
prisma/prisma-examples: optimize/optimize-select-returning-all/README.md

> # Prisma Optimize Example: Applying the `SELECT/RETURNING *` Recommendation

Author: ```suggestion
# Prisma Optimize Example: Applying the recommendation to avoid over-fetching
```
